using the design language established by
last year's Lenovo yoga tablet series of
Android tablets the yoga tablet 2 pro
takes it on a much grander scale by that
we mean it's essentially a larger
version of the uniquely shaped tablet
one that's most notable for its
cylindrical hinge which not only houses
its battery but also a pico projector
yes it's pretty darn big for an Android
tablet but it's something that some
people might be interested in getting
since the size is pretty rare to find
for an Android tablet for the most part
it's pretty skinny albeit it's always
heavier on the side of its cylindrical
hinge boasting a magnificent 13.3 inch
2560x1440 quad HD IPS display it shines
like no other thanks to its sharp
details honestly though it reminds us
more of something we'd find in a high
spec ultrabook but this is obviously an
Android tablet we are dealing with
things look pretty darn sweet but in
addition to the rich details the real
estate alone makes it wonderful for
watching videos surfing the web and even
collaborating on some sort of
presentation under the hood of the
Lenovo yoga tablet 2 pro is a quad-core
1.86 gigahertz intel atom z3740 5
processor with 2gb of RAM which does a
reasonable job in giving the tablet its
responsiveness not surprisingly it
handles basic stuff with no fluff at all
but we're crossing our fingers that it
can take on more processor intensive
operations for an Android tablet it's
32gb of internal storage is more than
plentiful more so when it can be
supplemented with its micro SD card slot
built into the corner of its hinge
there's an 8 megapixel camera ready to
take snapshots at a moment's
notice the placement is undoubtedly in a
strange spot but we're really hoping
that it can actually take some decent
looking shots more so when the yoga
tablets from last year failed to impress
us in this department frankly this isn't
just a larger sized version of lenovo's
android tablets which are underwhelming
when compared to the likes of the iPad
and Sammy's line of tablets however the
yoga tablet 2 pro is impressive on so
many fronts in addition to the high
reason spaciously sized screen Lenovo is
kind enough to include other premium
features into the mix like JBL speakers
with a sub woofer a built-in pico
projector and the design that's unique
throw in the fact that Lenovo intends to
sell it for five hundred dollars when it
goes on sale sometime at the end of
October the entire package seems mighty
tempting